#summary Permissions and how they work

= Introduction =

This page will go over the basics of permissions and how they work

= Permissions =

Each permission has a corresponding number and name that are used to apply permissions to a user and for checking for permissions. Below is a list of permissions and corresponding numbers

Login = 1
ViewMail = 2
SendMail = 3
EditMail = 4
ViewPages = 5
AddPages = 6
EditPages = 7
ViewMatches = 8
AddMatches = 9
EditMatches = 10
ViewTeams = 11
AddTems = 12
JoinTeams = 13
EditTeams = 14
ReviveTeams = 15
ViewPlayers = 16
EditPlayers = 17
DeletePlayers = 18
EnterMatch = 19
ViewLogs = 20

= Checking =

To check if a user has permission, simply use the the following syntax.

if(CurrentPlayer::HasPerm(Permissions::AddMatches))
    echo 'This player can Add Matches!';

= Assigning Permissions =

Permissions are assigned every time a user logs in. It does so by grabbing permissions from MySQL.

For every group that a user is in that MySQL has as an approved group, permissions escalate and add up.

For example:

If a user is in COMPANY.ADMIN and they recieve ViewLogs, EnterMatch, and DeletePlayers from that group and they're also in COMPANY.COP which gives them ViewPlayers and EditPlayers, they now have 5 permissions. Not 2, not 3, they added together.

This makes it easy for league owners to create several groups in which they can place users to gradually gain permissions.

= Login Permission =

This permission is unique because it can deny or allow access no matter what permissions the user has.

If checked, the user is not granted login permission. This permission, however, does not take away login permissions from other groups. For example:

If an admin takes away login permissions from COMPANY.LEAGUE but COMPANY.OWNER still has login permissions, anyone in COMPANY.OWNER can still login, but if a user is not in COMPANY.OWNER and just COMPANY.LEAGUE, they will not be able to login.